README.md, before:

# HPProBook450G10HighStand
A DIY stand for a HP ProBook 450 G10 notebook, which was built from [3d prints](#STL) and some metal parts from a hardware store. The high side of the stand is 13cm high (With rubber feet attached to the bottom) and lifts my notebook display to the same level as my external monitors.

![Usage](assets/images/Usage.png)

![Front view](assets/images/HPProBook450G10HighStand.jpg)

![Left side](assets/images/LeftSide.jpg)

![Right side](assets/images/RightSide.jpg)

| Property  | Value | Note |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Height  | 13cm  | |
| Width  | 28.4cm  | Could be changed with different [metal parts](#metal-parts) |
| Deepth  | 22.1cm  | |
| Weight  | 225g | 3d PLA prints ~156g |

## License and copyright
My [3d STL print files](#STL) are licensed under the terms of CC0 [Copyright (c) 2025 codingABI](LICENSE). 

## Appendix

### Metal parts

![Metal parts](assets/images/MetalParts.jpg)

- 3x brass tubes (Outer diameter 4.0mm, inner diameter >= 3.0mm)
- 3x brass M3 threaded rods with the length of one brass tube plus 2.3cm
- 6x M3 nuts

I used brass tubes with a length of 26cm, but you can use other lengths. The threaded rods are sticked in the brass tubes. 

If the threaded rods do not fit through the holes in the 3d printed side parts, the printed holes should be re-drilled with a 3.0 mm drill bit.

The M3 nuts on
- the left side will be pressed in the place holders of the [3d left side print](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandLeftSide.stl) ![Nut in left side](assets/images/NutInLeftSide.jpg)
- the right side will be pressed the place holders of the three [3d knob prints](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandKnob.stl) ![Nut in knob](assets/images/NutInKnob.jpg)

### STL

- [Left side](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandLeftSide.stl)
- [Right side](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandRightSide.stl)
- [Knob](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandKnob.stl) (Three printed knobs are needed)

All STL files were created and designed with Tinkercad https://www.tinkercad.com

Printer settings used on my Anycubic Vyper (Thank you **https://github.com/m-holler**!): 
- Nozzle: 0.4mm
- Layer height: 0.15mm
- Filament: PLA+ silk

Commit message:

Update README with M3 nut installation details
Clarified installation instructions for M3 nuts on both sides, including additional details on securing the threaded rod.

README.md, after:

# HPProBook450G10HighStand
A DIY stand for a HP ProBook 450 G10 notebook, which was built from [3d prints](#STL) and some metal parts from a hardware store. The high side of the stand is 13cm high (With rubber feet attached to the bottom) and lifts my notebook display to the same level as my external monitors.

![Usage](assets/images/Usage.png)

![Front view](assets/images/HPProBook450G10HighStand.jpg)

![Left side](assets/images/LeftSide.jpg)

![Right side](assets/images/RightSide.jpg)

| Property  | Value | Note |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| Height  | 13cm  | |
| Width  | 28.4cm  | Could be changed with different [metal parts](#metal-parts) |
| Deepth  | 22.1cm  | |
| Weight  | 225g | 3d PLA prints ~156g |

## License and copyright
My [3d STL print files](#STL) are licensed under the terms of CC0 [Copyright (c) 2025 codingABI](LICENSE). 

## Appendix

### Metal parts

![Metal parts](assets/images/MetalParts.jpg)

- 3x brass tubes (Outer diameter 4.0mm, inner diameter >= 3.0mm)
- 3x brass M3 threaded rods with the length of one brass tube plus 2.3cm
- 6x M3 nuts

I used brass tubes with a length of 26cm, but you can use other lengths. The threaded rods are sticked in the brass tubes. 

If the threaded rods do not fit through the holes in the 3d printed side parts, the printed holes should be re-drilled with a 3.0 mm drill bit.

The M3 nuts on
- the left side will be pressed in the place holders of the [3d left side print](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandLeftSide.stl). To prevent the threaded rod from turning, the last half millimeter of the threaded rod on the left side was hammered into the nut before the threaded rod and nut were installed in the 3D print. (Gluing it to the nut should also work). <br />![Nut in left side](assets/images/NutInLeftSide.jpg) 
- the right side will be pressed the place holders of the three [3d knob prints](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandKnob.stl) <br />![Nut in knob](assets/images/NutInKnob.jpg)

### STL

- [Left side](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandLeftSide.stl)
- [Right side](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandRightSide.stl)
- [Knob](STL/HPProBook450G10HighStandKnob.stl) (Three printed knobs are needed)

All STL files were created and designed with Tinkercad https://www.tinkercad.com

Printer settings used on my Anycubic Vyper (Thank you **https://github.com/m-holler**!): 
- Nozzle: 0.4mm
- Layer height: 0.15mm
- Filament: PLA+ silk
